welcome to the man of recaps this is
fear the walking dead season six episode
10. and remember you can watch all these
new episodes of fear of the walking dead
on amc plus
plus check out other great shows and
dive into their immersive expansive epic
worlds this episode features daniel
salazar one of our season one ogs it's
told in flashback form as in the present
he's telling the story to someone and
he's like yes it was a good day but then
it all went wrong
things are going great at the new
community the hidden valley today
they're hosting a meeting with their
friends
sherry and the skatepark punks and
victor strand who's taking over lawton
they're here to talk about their shared
graffiti problem yes remember the end is
the beginning crew who blew up tank town
morgenson valley is a non-violent place
though you gotta check your weapons at
the door
by the way this episode we find out what
happened to a major character skidmark
the cat yes he survived and he's
reunited before they can start the
meeting though pregnant grace is like
ouch my pregnancy their only medical
professional june is not here because
she shot virginia last episode and
walked off on her own they call her on
back but in the meantime morgan's like
yo i got like a baby thing over at the
water tower that i was saving for you
let me go get it real quick so in the
meantime it's daniel salazar who's
leading the meeting now the destruction
of tank town and all the graffiti hasn't
come from an outside source apparently
they've infiltrated people they thought
they could trust this sense everyone at
the table argued amongst themselves well
how do i know i can trust you
this pointless bickering is interrupted
by an explosion wow what
luckily no one was hurt but apparently a
dynamite went off was it an accident or
was it sabotage the sound of the
explosion attracted a bunch of walkers
and even though it looks like an amount
that any single one of them could take
on single-handedly they're all like oh
there's too many of them we gotta seal
up the gates daniel goes to take a gun
out of lockup but whoa someone has
stolen all the weapons just then a
couple zombies sneak in somehow and no
one carries weapons in here so they
gotta fight him with whatever's laying
around but just as dwight's about to get
bit
blam he's saved by someone who had a gun
victor strand
and turns out it was daniel salazar who
let some of those walkers in to see who
stole the guns but strands like yo man i
didn't steal the rest of the guns like i
just snuck this one in because you know
i'm me but daniel doesn't believe him
it's like victor you lie so much i can
never trust anything you say daniel's
ready to go back into full interrogation
mode on him and in fact he reveals a
secret it's like yo man when you shot me
in the face and it seems like i'm
totally healed well i'm not
actually that healed it still hurts like
every time i chew strands like daniel
i'm so sorry about that that was back in
season three it was basically a whole
different show he still maintains he's
innocent so daniel's getting ready to
shoot him but oh there's gunfire outside
yes morgan finally made it back with the
swat truck took care of their zombie
problem now earlier daniel said pregnant
grace away just in case the zombies
broke in he sent her to the fishing
shack deeper in the valley but when they
go to collector she's not there
pretty soon they find her though and
daniel's like yo why didn't you go to
the nice safe fishing shack
she's like daniel what are you talking
about you told me not to go to the
fishing shack you told me to go to the
dangerous caverns he sent charlie with
her and charlie corroborates her story
it's like yo check out the map you
circled the caverns and just then they
find the gun stolen from lockup they
were in
daniel salazar's house daniel's like
whoa i definitely didn't put those there
this whole thing is a setup but morgan's
like hey man are you sure or are you
maybe losing it a little and so in the
present that's why daniel's behind bars
he's talking it out to june who made it
back she's doing the alzheimer's test on
him luckily he passes so it's not that
he's like hey i don't know what to tell
you this really isn't my area of
expertise but sometimes i guess you just
get confused and don't remember things
so now everyone finally has their
meeting about the end is the beginning
group dakota's like yo i heard virginia
talking about them said they went
underground i thought it meant just
laying low but maybe like literally
underground and dwight's like yo and me
and al were in dallas we found some of
the graffiti down there i guess we
should go check it out but as for daniel
salazar he doesn't trust himself to be
here anymore he's going to go off on his
own he reminds us that he has actually
kind of lost his mind before remember in
season two he burned down that whole
villa for no good reason victor strand
though like hey man don't go off on your
own come back to lawton with me you
don't care if you burned me down and so
that's the plan for now but
is daniel salazar really losing his mind
or is it to the end as the beginning
crew infiltrated our group
and trying to discredit him find out
next time on fear the walking dead
now you already know amc plus is the
place for all things the walking dead
but you also get access to a ton of
other great shows discover the romance
thriller a discovery of witches where
witches vampires and demons live among
us a dangerous mystery and a forbidden
romance this kind of thing's my guilty
pleasure maybe you're into the punk
fantasy world of the watch where an
unlikely group of misfits have to find
the guts to save the world a comedy
adventure with wizards werewolves and
dragons i mean come on i gotta check it
out if horror is your thing you're just
in time for shutters halfway to
halloween month with a packed lineup of
new horror shows and movies catch new
episodes of creep show season two
still the most fun you'll ever have
being scared looking for an
action-packed crime drama you gotta
watch gangs of london enter the violent
streets of fictional modern london as
sean wallace hunts down
his father's killer and rises to the top
of the criminal underworld so click the
link in the description to sign up for
your 7 day free trial of amc plus now
get all the walking dead content you
love plus explore the rest of their epic
worlds
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you loved
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member